.TH CLIPKEEPER 1 "March 2025" "clipkeeper 0.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
clipkeeper \- GTK4 clipboard manager for Linux
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B clipkeeper
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
ClipKeeper is a modern clipboard manager built with GTK4 and libadwaita. 
It provides a clean interface to manage your clipboard history with features
like pinning important entries, searching, and keyboard shortcuts.
.PP
When run without options, clipkeeper launches the graphical user interface.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-version
Show program version and exit.
.TP
.B \-\-clear
Clear clipboard history (keeps pinned entries).
.TP
.B \-\-list
List current clipboard history.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show help message and exit.
.SH FEATURES
.IP \[bu] 2
Clean, modern GTK4/Adwaita interface
.IP \[bu] 2
Clipboard history with search
.IP \[bu] 2
Pin important entries
.IP \[bu] 2
Keyboard shortcuts
.IP \[bu] 2
Command-line interface
.IP \[bu] 2
Automatic startup support
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.local/share/clipkeeper/history.json
Clipboard history data file
.TP
.I ~/.config/clipkeeper/
Configuration directory
.SH KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS
.TP
.B Ctrl+1-9
Select clipboard entry 1-9
.TP
.B Ctrl+C
Copy selected entry
.TP
.B Delete
Delete selected entry
.TP
.B Ctrl+F
Search clipboard history
.TP
.B Escape
Close search or application
.SH AUTHOR
Daniel Nylander <daniel@danielnylander.se>
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs at: https://github.com/yeager/clipkeeper/issues
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright © 2024-2025 Daniel Nylander.
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <https://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.